Updating docs for Inline and Standalone link (#1111)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/link/standalone/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

### When to use

- To navigate to a new destination, either internally or externally.
- As a standalone element or within a [Button Set](/components/button-set).

### When not to use

- Within a body of text, consider [Inline Link](/components/link/inline).
- To trigger an action or event, like a form submission, consider [Button](/components/button).

## Size

> We recommend using a medium size, but use whichever size fits best in the UI. For example, don’t use large links in tables.

Author: This refers to the large size variant of the `link` components, so this is technically accurate.

<Doc::Layout @spacing="12px">
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @size="small" @text="Small" @icon="arrow-right" @iconPosition="trailing" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @size="medium" @text="Medium" @icon="arrow-right" @iconPosition="trailing" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @size="large" @text="Large" @icon="arrow-right" @iconPosition="trailing" @route="components" />
</Doc::Layout>

## Color

### Primary

!!! Info

> Take care when needing multiple links on a page; too many primary links can detract from the end goal.

Reviewer: "detract" or "distract"?

</Doc::Layout>

<Doc::Layout @spacing="12px">
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="View billing" @icon="arrow-right" @iconPosition="trailing" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Submit feedback" @icon="external-link" @iconPosition="trailing" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Consul documentation" @icon="docs-link" @iconPosition="trailing" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Service mesh tutorial" @icon="learn-link" @iconPosition="trailing" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
</Doc::Layout>

## Common patterns

### Within button sets

Standalone Links often appear in [Button Sets](/components/button-set).

<Hds::ButtonSet>
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Previous" @icon="chevron-left" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Button @text="Submit" @color="primary" />
  <Hds::Button @text="Cancel" @color="secondary" />
</Hds::ButtonSet>

## Content

- Text should be short and to the point (~25 characters). Text labels should not consist of full sentences but should provide enough context to be useful.

> - Use language consistently within each product (e.g., when using “Edit” on one page, use that same convention throughout the rest of the application, not "Change").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use language consistently within each product (e.g., if “Edit” is used on one page, use that same convention throughout, instead of a different similar word such as "Change").
```

### When to use

- To navigate to a new destination, either internally or externally.
- As a standalone element or within a [Button Set](/components/button-set).

### When not to use

- Within a body of text, consider [Inline Link](/components/link/inline).
- To trigger an action or event, like a form submission, consider [Button](/components/button).

## Size

We recommend using a medium size, but use whichever size fits best in the UI.

For example:

> - don’t use large links in tables.

Reviewer 2: Curious whether a bullet is needed here if it's only a single item. This is probably a relevant topic to capture holistically; a lot of the migration of design guidelines had lists with only a single item which seems strange.

Author: Good catch! I try to remove them if they seem randomly placed but have been leaving them in the "how to use" section (where a lot of them seem to be) since the "how not to use" section usually has multiple bullet points. My thought was to keep those two sections consistent and fix the rest. wdyt?
